Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Contact and capture confirmed.
Hello.
I hear we'll be working closely.
ISS Crew requesting information
from the ground.
I have to know if the kids are okay.
Any news from the United States?
Not yet.
You nervous?
I have a bottle of vodka taped under
the SSRMS control console.
Thank you.
What...
What happened? Lyosha?
Kolya?
You wouldn't have wanted to know.
I don't understand.
I didn't know...
Nicholai promised.
Before the radios failed...
We received orders from the ground.
There's a war between us
and the Americans.
We have been told...
We have been told to take the ISS.
At all costs.
I replaced it with a dummy wire.
What?
No one will know.
No...
I didn't know what Nicholai
was going to do.
Tell her.
No. Lyosha.
Tell her!
Nicholai!
It was just supposed to cut off
their communication.
Look at me.
You can't have thought--
I'm sorry.
I don't want your sorry.
Weronika. they were going to do it to us.
We have to assume this.
You're a monster. Nicholai.
Yeah. I'm a monster...
I understand why you'd say that.
Sorry you don't want to hear that
right now. but it's the truth.
You're my friend.
He's not dead.
Lyosha. he's not dead!
If his suit held up. then his life support
should keep him alive until it fails!
Lyosha. please!
If we don't move quickly.
he's going to be drowning out there
for the next eight hours!
We need to try.
I'm telling the Americans.
If you won't help me. they will.
He's gone.
There was no one on the tether. was there?
He must have undone it himself...
We don't have eyes on him anymore. either.
Nika...
It's over.
There are two other Americans on board.
you son of a bitch!
Do you intend to murder them too?
No one deserves what you did to Gordon.
No one.
What are you doing?
Don't you get it?
We're scientists.
We're not dogs.
But if it's this easy to forget...
...what's the difference?
Weronika...
That's pure oxygen in those vents.
If you activate that.
you'll torch the whole station.
Lyosha. get in here!
I understand it's hard for you now.
I know what you're going through.
But we can still talk about this.
can't we?
Listen to me...
Brother...
Nika...
Don't do this.
You don't know what I want.
Gordon knew...
now I know--
Stay away!
- You're going to get us all killed!
- Stay away!
Listen to me.
Why should I?
The important thing is that
we stick together.
Talk to me about your sister.
Her children...
Maxim...
...and Elena.
Don't do this.
Think about them.
I am doing this for them.
Nika...
Stay away!
I understand if I ended
our friendship today.
But I don't believe
you want to hurt anyone.
We can still resolve things peacefully.
- Lyosha.
- Nika.
You were always a good friend.
But I don't believe any of that.
Nika...
Lyosha. I'm so sorry--
Nika!
Come on! Wake up!
Nika. wake up! Wake up!
Lyosha. get her out of here!
We have to get her out of here!
I'm finishing this.
What does that mean?
You know what it means.
You're not a murderer.
Don't be an idiot.
I'm trying to save lives here.
These people killed our friend.
No...
We killed our friend.
You know Lyosha...
There's a word for that.
What?
Duty.
You...
...are a good son of your country.
A son of your people.
A good son.
You're my brother.
Remember that.
No...
Come on. come on!
Found anyone?
What do you think?
She's gone.
Would you mind giving Dr. Foster and me
a moment in private?
There's something she feels
she needs to tell me.
No offense.
The important thing...
is that we stick together.
The important things...
Alexey. a moment please.
I froze the life support...
but I can fix it.
I know how to reverse the process.
So do I.